c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Shindy.Android.dll
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Shindy.Android.pdb
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Shindy.Android.apk
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Shindy.Android-Signed.apk
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\Shindy.Droid.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\Shindy.Droid.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\Shindy.Android.dll
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\Shindy.Android.pdb
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\Shindy.Android.apk
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\login.xml
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\values-v21\styles.xml
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\values-v21\attrs.xml
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\bg.png
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\values-normal\dimen.xml
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\fblogin_button.xml
c:\users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\login_button.xml
C:\Users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\login_bg.jpg
C:\Users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\login_background.jpg
C:\Users\jm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\signup.xml
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Shindy.Android.dll
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Shindy.Android.pdb
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Shindy.Android.apk
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Shindy.Android-Signed.apk
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\Shindy.Droid.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\Shindy.Droid.App.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\Shindy.Android.dll
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\Shindy.Android.pdb
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\Shindy.Android.apk
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\login.xml
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\signup.xml
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\values-v21\styles.xml
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\values-v21\attrs.xml
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\bg.png
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\values-normal\dimen.xml
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\fblogin_button.xml
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\login_button.xml
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\login_bg.jpg
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\login_background.jpg
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_arrow_back.png
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_arrow_back.png
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_arrow_back.png
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_arrow_back.png
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_arrow_back.png
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\Shindy.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Shindy.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Shindy.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\jm\Source\Repos\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Shindy.Android.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Shindy.Android.pdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Shindy.Android.apk
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Shindy.Android-Signed.apk
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Refractored.Controls.CircleImageView.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Annotations.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Compat.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Core.UI.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Core.Utils.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Fragment.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Media.Compat.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Transition.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.Palette.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Refractored.Controls.CircleImageView.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\Shindy.Droid.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\Shindy.Droid.App.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\Shindy.Android.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\Shindy.Android.pdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\Shindy.Android.apk
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\login.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\signup.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\navigation.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\header_layout.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\values-v21\styles.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\values-v21\attrs.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\bg.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\values-normal\dimen.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\fblogin_button.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\login_button.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\login_bg.jpg
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\login_background.jpg
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_arrow_back.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_arrow_back.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_arrow_back.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_arrow_back.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_arrow_back.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_evenmgmt.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_extremeevents.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_messages.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_premiumacc.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_profilepref.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_shindiggers.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_shindigs.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_usermgmt.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_evenmgmt.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_extremeevents.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_messages.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_premiumacc.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_profilepref.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_shindiggers.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_shindigs.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_usermgmt.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_evenmgmt.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_extremeevents.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_messages.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_premiumacc.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_profilepref.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_shindiggers.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_shindigs.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_usermgmt.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_evenmgmt.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_extremeevents.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_messages.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_premiumacc.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_profilepref.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_shindiggers.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_shindigs.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_usermgmt.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_evenmgmt.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_extremeevents.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_messages.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_premiumacc.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_profilepref.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_shindiggers.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_shindigs.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_usermgmt.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\menu\nav_menu.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\pic.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\profilepic.jpeg
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_logout.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_logout.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_logout.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_logout.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_logout.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\CalligraphyBindings.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\Shindy.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Shindy.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Shindy.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\home.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\myshindigs.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_menu.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_menu.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_menu.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_menu.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_menu.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\line.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\tab.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\event_template.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_female.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_male.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_female.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_male.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_female.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_male.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_female.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_male.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_female.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_male.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\invites_template.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\myhostedevents.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\hostedevent_template.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_add_circle.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_add_circle.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_add_circle.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_add_circle.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_add_circle.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Rg.Plugins.Popup.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Rg.Plugins.Popup.Droid.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Rg.Plugins.Popup.Platform.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\invitecode_dialogbox.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_close.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_close.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_close.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_close.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_close.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\textbox_white.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\anim\slide_up.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\anim\slide_down.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\card.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\eventdetails.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\eventdetails_expand.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_details.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_personsinvited.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_sendinvite.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_details.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_personsinvited.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_sendinvite.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_details.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_personsinvited.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_sendinvite.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_details.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_personsinvited.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_sendinvite.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_details.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_personsinvited.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_sendinvite.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Shindy.Android.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Shindy.Android.pdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Shindy.Android.apk
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Shindy.Android-Signed.apk
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\CalligraphyBindings.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Refractored.Controls.CircleImageView.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Rg.Plugins.Popup.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Rg.Plugins.Popup.Droid.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Rg.Plugins.Popup.Platform.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Annotations.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Compat.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Core.UI.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Core.Utils.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Fragment.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Media.Compat.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Transition.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.Palette.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Refractored.Controls.CircleImageView.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\Shindy.Droid.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\Shindy.Droid.App.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\Shindy.Android.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\Shindy.Android.pdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\Shindy.Android.apk
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\login.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\signup.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\navigation.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\header_layout.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\home.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\myshindigs.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\event_template.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\invites_template.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\myhostedevents.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\hostedevent_template.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\invitecode_dialogbox.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\eventdetails.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\eventdetails_expand.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\values-v21\styles.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\values-v21\attrs.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\bg.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\values-normal\dimen.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\fblogin_button.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\login_button.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\login_bg.jpg
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\login_background.jpg
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_arrow_back.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_arrow_back.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_arrow_back.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_arrow_back.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_arrow_back.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_evenmgmt.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_extremeevents.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_messages.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_premiumacc.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_profilepref.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_shindiggers.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_shindigs.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_usermgmt.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_evenmgmt.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_extremeevents.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_messages.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_premiumacc.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_profilepref.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_shindiggers.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_shindigs.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_usermgmt.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_evenmgmt.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_extremeevents.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_messages.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_premiumacc.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_profilepref.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_shindiggers.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_shindigs.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_usermgmt.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_evenmgmt.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_extremeevents.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_messages.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_premiumacc.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_profilepref.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_shindiggers.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_shindigs.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_usermgmt.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_evenmgmt.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_extremeevents.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_messages.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_premiumacc.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_profilepref.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_shindiggers.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_shindigs.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_usermgmt.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\menu\nav_menu.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\pic.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\profilepic.jpeg
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_logout.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_logout.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_logout.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_logout.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_logout.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_menu.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_menu.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_menu.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_menu.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_menu.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\line.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\tab.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_female.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_male.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_female.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_male.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_female.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_male.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_female.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_male.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_female.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_male.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_add_circle.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_add_circle.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_add_circle.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_add_circle.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_add_circle.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_close.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_close.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_close.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_close.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_close.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\textbox_white.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\anim\slide_up.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\anim\slide_down.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\card.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_details.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_personsinvited.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_sendinvite.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_details.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_personsinvited.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_sendinvite.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_details.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_personsinvited.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_sendinvite.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_details.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_personsinvited.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_sendinvite.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_details.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_personsinvited.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_sendinvite.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Shindy.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Shindy.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\Shindy.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\anim\slideleft_tohide.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\anim\slideright_tohide.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\anim\slideleft.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Repo\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\anim\slideright.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Shindy.Android.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Shindy.Android.pdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Shindy.Android.apk
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Shindy.Android-Signed.apk
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\CalligraphyBindings.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Refractored.Controls.CircleImageView.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Rg.Plugins.Popup.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Rg.Plugins.Popup.Droid.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Rg.Plugins.Popup.Platform.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Annotations.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Compat.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Core.UI.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Core.Utils.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Fragment.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Media.Compat.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Transition.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.Palette.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Refractored.Controls.CircleImageView.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\Shindy.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\Shindy.Droid.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\Shindy.Droid.App.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\Shindy.Android.dll
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\Shindy.Android.pdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\Shindy.Android.apk
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\login.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\signup.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\navigation.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\header_layout.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\home.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\myshindigs.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\event_template.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\invites_template.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\myhostedevents.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\hostedevent_template.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\invitecode_dialogbox.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\eventdetails.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\eventdetails_expand.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\values-v21\styles.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\values-v21\attrs.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\bg.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\values-normal\dimen.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\fblogin_button.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\login_button.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\login_bg.jpg
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\login_background.jpg
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_arrow_back.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_arrow_back.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_arrow_back.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_arrow_back.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_arrow_back.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_evenmgmt.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_extremeevents.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_messages.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_premiumacc.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_profilepref.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_shindiggers.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_shindigs.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_usermgmt.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_evenmgmt.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_extremeevents.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_messages.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_premiumacc.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_profilepref.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_shindiggers.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_shindigs.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_usermgmt.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_evenmgmt.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_extremeevents.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_messages.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_premiumacc.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_profilepref.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_shindiggers.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_shindigs.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_usermgmt.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_evenmgmt.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_extremeevents.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_messages.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_premiumacc.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_profilepref.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_shindiggers.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_shindigs.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_usermgmt.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_evenmgmt.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_extremeevents.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_messages.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_premiumacc.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_profilepref.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_shindiggers.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_shindigs.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_usermgmt.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\menu\nav_menu.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\pic.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\profilepic.jpeg
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_logout.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_logout.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_logout.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_logout.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_logout.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_menu.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_menu.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_menu.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_menu.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_menu.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\line.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\tab.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_female.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_male.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_female.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_male.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_female.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_male.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_female.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_male.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_female.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_male.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_add_circle.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_add_circle.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_add_circle.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_add_circle.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_add_circle.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_close.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_close.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_close.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_close.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_close.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\textbox_white.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\anim\slide_up.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\anim\slide_down.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\card.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_details.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_personsinvited.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_sendinvite.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_details.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_personsinvited.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_sendinvite.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_details.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_personsinvited.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_sendinvite.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_details.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_personsinvited.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_sendinvite.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_details.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_personsinvited.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_sendinvite.png
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\anim\slideleft_tohide.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\anim\slideright_tohide.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\anim\slideleft.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\res\anim\slideright.xml
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\bin\Debug\Shindy.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Shindy.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\jm\Documents\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy\Shindy.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
